Why is it that his world is too small?
Hello, Mr. Father, my name is Penny,
Boss Li invited me to pick you up today.
You are the gift that Miss Li said,
You make one order and she gives you two thousand.
Almost seven points after tax.
A million dollars after tax, but with a flat figure and face,
Master Zhenlu opened it.
Tangtang Fuji Group is always so empty.
Besides, why do you need to consider your face and figure when designing?
Father, let me tell you the truth,
I've seen yours. too big
ordinary people
Can't satisfy the year at all
But don't worry
I obey me
will definitely let you
Not too much
Better to rest
It’s great that we met Cai Zheng
It’s really not okay if Qin Mian doesn’t change anything.
I have to take off the Ding bag here today.
But you must tell me
I can tell you whatever you want.
And I'm here
There are few famous people in Qin who have returned to me many times
They gave me very good reviews about the repeat lessons.